[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into
the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew arrive
on the Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
[NARRATOR] It's not long
before the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict.
After traveling to the Sea
Forest and meeting with Jimbei,
Luffy and his crew learn
of the tumultuous history
of Fishman Island
that, even today,
continues to shape the kingdom.
[LUFFY] "Kizaru Appears!
A Trap to Catch Tiger!"
[JIMBEI]
And that's what started it all.
Fisher Tiger's attack on
the Holy Land of Marie Jois,
and the formation
of the Sun Pirates.
These momentous events--they
shaped the future of my people.
[NEPTUNE] It's hard to believe
he really went through with it.
[NEPTUNE sighs]
His actions have only
created more problems
for Fishman Island.
It will be quite
some time before
we're welcomed back
to the World Summit.
I don't even know where
to begin to fix this.
[OTOHIME]
But we share the blame.
Remember, we just couldn't
bring ourselves to stop him.
[NEPTUNE] Tell me, why are
you so adamant about this?
What did you see on your trip?
I saw human nature!
[OTOHIME] Because I understood
the depth of his suffering...
...the scream of his soul--
it was unbearable.
[NEPTUNE]
Hmm.
[FISHMAN M]
Extra, extra! Read all about it!
Wow! He's such a badass!
Fighting the Celestial
Dragons? Talk about balls!
Yeah, that makes it official!
Fisher Tiger is a true hero!
Whoa. A Fishman's gonna
wind up in the history books!
Listen! Gather around!
Hey, it's Queen Otohime.
What is it now?
We have cowered, and hid,
and run--and yet for what?
What have we gained from this?
What good has this path
done for our people?
We can't simply turn our
backs on the entire world,
to cut off all humans--
it will doom us.
Some humans are bad, yes,
but not all of them!
Now...
...we must learn to live
in harmony with humanity!
And together we
can grow with them
under the bright,
nourishing sun!
Grow with them, huh?
Yeah. That's just
too much to ask.
Hey! You two!
[FISHMEN gasp]
[FISHMAN F, FISHMAN E gasp]
Sign here!
B-But I can't. I'm sorry.
Please. The whole island--
Tiger's a hero to us
for what he did, y'know?
It's just...
...we know his actions might
turn the humans against us,
but it's their fault.
They brought it on themselves.
So, we can't sign.
I know how you feel, but in
7 years or even 15 years?
You have to think
about that future!
There will come a day when we
will be able to participate
in the World Summit again!
You have to sign! For our
future! I'm begging you!
[HORDY] I'm telling you,
Fisher Tiger gets it!
This is how you represent
the Fishman District!
He went head to head
with the Celestial Dragons!
And he freakin' won!
[ALL gasp]
[ZEO] Way to stick it
to those disgusting humans!
It's just like
Arlong used to say,
the only good human
is a dead one!
[DARUMA laughs]
Yeah! Now put 'em
in their place!
The Sun Pirates are so cool!
I mean, sailing the sea
and slammin' the dosun down
on every dumb human
they meet! It's awesome!
You know what?
If we were a little stronger,
then I bet we could join 'em!
We'll get strong! Then we will!
Take back the sea, Sun Pirates!
Kill all those worthless humans!
[GROUP]
Yeah!
[laughing]
[ALL laughing]
[HACHI] Hey, boss!
Boss, there's an enemy ship!
Boss! Hey!
Hey! Guys!
Did ya hear me?
We've got a crisis!
Shut up, Hachi. Crap.
Calm down. Just tell
us what's going on.
[TIGER] Well, this is
troubling. Is it the Navy?
Must be. They were flying
their flag out there.
All right. What's next?
War.
[KADAR] There's no mistake!
Those are the Sun Pirates.
Kill Fisher Tiger!
[laughs]
Real nice aim there!
[SUN PIRATES shouting]
Fire!
[KADAR] What're you
doing? Shoot them dead!
[MARINE B] We're trying,
but they're swimming too fast!
[ARLONG laughs]
[MARINE C gasps]
[SUN PIRATES yelling]
[MARINES groaning]
[MARINES groan]
[MARINES gasp]
Pardon me, gents.
[KUROOBI grunts]
You Fishman bastards!
Return the slaves!
Dammit! Surrender!
If you play ball,
they'll drop the charges!
[MARINES yelling]
R-Rear Admiral!
Th-They're bursting up through
the bottom of the ship!
What?
[SUN PIRATES, MARINES grunting]
[laughing]
[MARINE L yells]
[MARINE M]
You fools!
Give us back the slaves
and this will end!
Do you even realize the serious
crime you've committed?
How dare you turn on humans!
Know your place,
you disgusting Fishmen!
What was that? Go on now.
Let's hear you say that again!
[MARINE M whimpers]
[JIMBEI grunts]
Please, somebody help me.
So, slavery's perfectly legal,
but freeing slaves is a crime?
And Queen Otohime thinks
you deserve a chance.
Not that you'd give us one.
[MARINES groaning]
[TIGER grunts]
[MARINES yelling]
Now! Fire!
[TIGER]
Hmm?
Blow him to pieces, men!
We know that you're
hiding the slaves!
And now, you're gonna die
for the havoc you've wrought!
Whoa, what the hell?
[TIGER]
These slaves you mentioned...
[KADAR]
He's... He's a monster!
[MARINES scream]
[TIGER yells]
[KADAR groans]
What proof do you possibly have
that we're hiding them on board?
Go on and check all
of us if you want to,
but from what I understand,
these slaves should
have a brand on them.
Do you see that
mark on any of us?
[KADAR]
Wait, stop! Put me down!
[KADAR yelling]
Help me!
[whimpering]
--[TIGER grunts]
--[KADAR yelps]
I won't kill you. Don't worry.
I'm not a savage like you.
All right, guys.
Take all their money and food
and get back to the ship!
[laughing]
[ARLONG]
Being human is a sin.
And so, you were born
deserving execution.
[laughs]
No! Stop!
[ARLONG]
Drop dead!
[MARINE S yelps]
[STRAWBERRY]
Vice Admiral,
Rear Admiral Kadar from
the G2 Branch has been defeated.
[KIZARU]
Oh? Why did he engage them?
I only wanted a report on
their current whereabouts.
If you get close enough
to see them, well,
that's apparently all it takes
before their entire crew
surrounds you in the water.
Oh, scary. Fishmen... Guess
we should've expected that.
Okay. Do you have any
intel you can share?
Well, way it looks, Arlong and
his men are part of the crew.
And they were responsible
for the raids in the area
surrounding Fishman Island.
But we have yet
to fight them on land,
so it's hard to tell
how strong they are.
Arlong... Right,
I've heard of him.
There's another dangerous
one on their crew.
He's as big as Fisher Tiger
and just as brutal.
Didn't catch his name.
[KIZARU]
Well, sounds like a real mess.
--[thud]
--[ARLONG] Ow, that hurt!
[SUN PIRATES laughing]
What's the big deal?
Why the hell do you care
if we kill one or two
of those inferior creatures?
It's not about them.
You're both going too far.
Look, we're not a group of
killers, we're better than that,
and don't you forget it.
But, look, Brother.
Sorry, I mean, Boss.
These humans have
no such compunction.
They are actively
out to kill you.
So, can you blame us?
Of course, we might go too far
from time to time. We're mad!
Do you want to
be like the humans?
Killing someone is to kill
a part of your own soul!
We are not seeking revenge
for the discrimination here,
and that's not what Marie
Jois was about, either.
I might have broken that
stupid, unspoken rule,
but I only did it
to free those slaves.
The Sun Pirates are driven by
the idea of liberation
and freedom,
not spiteful retribution.
Seeking vengeance
against the humans
only creates a vicious cycle.
Violence begets violence,
and I will not be responsible
for more tragedy.
We'll end up condemning
the next generation
of Fishmen to war with humanity.
[TIGER]
Can't you see that?
We will fight and rob
those who come after us.
But we won't cross the line.
We will not become killers!
Listen, Brother!
I think you're overlooking
one simple fact.
Violence always begets
violence, you say?
Well, not if they're all dead.
Who's gonna fight
back if we kill them?
We'll massacre the animals
and force all of the women
and children to watch,
terrifying the idea of revenge
right out of their minds.
All we have to do is show them
how powerful and
ruthless we can be!
And then they'll be
paralyzed with terror!
They will never--
What the hell is your problem?
[SUN PIRATES laughing]
[TIGER]
That you, Jimbei?
[JIMBEI]
Arlong's a hothead who seems
to strive to make
a nuisance of himself.
I don't blame him.
Truth is, I've got no right
to cast any judgment on the guy.
I didn't mean...
[TIGER]
Jimbei.
It's great, what Queen
Otohime's trying to accomplish.
Though, understandably, to her,
there's no difference
between Arlong and me.
[TIGER grunts]
Honestly, there's only one thing
that I'm really afraid of--
my own mind.
It's taken me all these years
to understand why
he told me that...
...what he meant.
[HACHI] Up ahead!
There's a pirate ship!
[SUN PIRATE AA]
Looks like a big one.
[SUN PIRATE BB]
I'm guessin' they wanna take us
on to prove themselves.
We're really wrackin'
up the enemies.
Well, I say we sink their ship.
Best to make an example of them.
We were engaged in combat
on a daily basis--
criminals hunted by
the World Government.
Meanwhile, Queen
Otohime waged her own
stubborn form of battle
against the world.
[OTOHIME]
Sign here!
[FISHMEN] No! We won't!
We don't wanna live with humans!
Please sign!
Hey!
The government put out
a bounty on Boss Tai and Jimbei!
Seriously?
[SUN PIRATE CC]
Wow, 230 million Berries!
[SUN PIRATE DD] Jimbei's
got 76 million on his head!
[IKAROS]
Wanted posters!
Look, they raised
the reward on them again!
[ZEO] Even the World
Government is scared of them!
[chuckles] They're gonna
sink the entire Navy!
[panting, gasps]
I need you to sign it!
Let me go, Your Majesty!
[JIMBEI] The next three years
unfolded in a similar manner.
And then one day, we came across
a young girl on an island.
[OLD MAN A]
Mister...
We could use your
help with something.
[TIGER]
Hmm?
[OLD MAN A]
This girl here,
she escaped from Marie Jois
with the rest of us
back when you liberated us
from slavery three years ago.
Here, look.
[TIGER grunts]
She... hasn't seen her
parents in many years,
and her home's far away.
We would like to help.
I'm sure they miss her,
but it's highly doubtful
we can safely cross the ocean.
[KOALA]
I'm Koala and I'm 11 years old.
Thanks for saving me.
I'll do my best not to
cause you any more trouble.
[ARLONG] I know she's a kid, but
she's still a disgusting human!
Why the hell would you
let her on board with us?
[TIGER]
Just drop it, Arlong.
I'll drop this ugly brat!
Quit smiling, dammit!
Arlong, no!
--[thud]
--[KOALA yelps]
Calm down!
Let go, Hachi! I'm not done yet!
He's right. It is creepy
how she won't stop smiling.
[KOALA gasps]
[HACHI]
Huh?
[ARLONG]
What are you...?
[KOALA]
I'm sorry! I'm a hard worker!
I'll clean and I don't
need to take a break!
So please don't hit me!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
I'll give it my best.
Stop.
[KOALA]
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
I'll clean it.
You're... bleeding.
[KOALA]
I'm sorry!
I promise that I'll never cry.
Just please don't kill me.
[JIMBEI]
Huh?
It's all right.
Are you scared of us?
[KOALA] Yes, but
I really miss my mother.
So, I made myself get on board.
[KOALA]
I won't stop cleaning.
I know if I do, you'll
think I'm useless and kill me.
But I'm a hard worker,
so please let me live.
Well, what d'ya expect?
The kid was raised a slave.
Think about what she's seen.
I'm sure plenty of
her friends got killed,
and probably just for crying,
or getting caught
taking a break.
She's spent her whole life bein'
afraid that she might be next.
Can ya blame her for
not trusting anyone?
[SUN PIRATE EE]
Boss?
[KOALA] Please don't
kill me. I'll do anything.
I promise I'll be good!
Pick up this brat.
I want her brought to my room.
What's he doin' in there?
[SUN PIRATE FF]
Lecturing her won't do any good.
The poor kid's too far gone.
[KOALA screams]
[SUN PIRATE GG] Boss!
What're you doin' to her?
[KOALA gasps]
[KOALA grunts]
Bandage her!
It may have hurt,
but she'd never get past
the pain of being a slave
with that mark on her.
[HACHI]
Hey, kid! You still alive?
[KOALA grunting]
Oh, good, you're awake.
[KOALA] Oh. I guess
I passed out. I'm sorry!
But, but I didn't cry, did I?
So you don't need to kill me.
I promise you, I'll never cry!
So please, let me live!
[KOALA gasps]
It's okay for you to cry!
We are nothing like those
evil Celestial Dragons.
So, don't you dare
act like we are.
Now watch.
[gasps]
No killing--not now, not ever!
[TIGER]
Is everyone with me?
[SUN PIRATES]
Yeah!
No matter how far the journey...
...we're taking
this girl back home!
[SUN PIRATES cheering]
[KOALA crying]
[KOALA wailing]
[NARRATOR]
After a long voyage,
Tiger finally brings
Koala back to her hometown.
As the young girl bids her
pirate companions farewell,
Tiger has hope that
the future may bring
peace between
humans and Fishmen.
Unfortunately, Tiger's past
soon catches up with him
and he leaves his crew with
a sobering final command.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Death of the Hero!
A Shocking Truth of Tiger!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!